<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Bibliografía</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Styles1.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
<h2>Bibliografía</h2>
  <p><b>La información que se utilizó para preparar este folleto proviene de los siguientes documentos de investigación presentados durante la Conferencia Sobre Carácter y Comunidad de la Casa Blanca, organizada en junio del 2002:</b></p>
<p>Damon, William. The Roots of Character and the Role of Community.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Dodge, Kenneth A. Preventing Chronic Violence in Schools.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Narvaez, Darcia. The Expertise of Moral Character.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Schaps, Eric. Community in School: Central to Character Formation and More.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Walker, Lawrence J. The Character of Moral Exemplars.</p>
<p><b>Otras fuentes de información utilizadas para la preparación de este folleto incluyen:</b></p>
<p>Borba, Michele. <i>Building Moral Intelligence: The Seven Essential Virtues That Teach Kids to Do the Right Thing</i>. San Francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass, 2001.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Brynildssen, Shawna. <i>Character Education through Children’s Literature</i>. ERIC Digest #172. 2002. (www.eric.indiana.edu/ieo/digests/d172.html)</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>DeRoche, Edward F. and Williams, Mary M. <i>Educating Hearts and Minds: A Comprehensive Character Education Framework</i>. Thousand Oaks, CA: Corwin Press, 1998.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Frankel, Fred and Wetmore, Barry. <i>Good Friends Are Hard to Find: Help Your Child Find, Make and Keep Friends</i>. New York: Perspective Publishing, 1996.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Kirschenbaum, Howard. <i>100 Ways to Enhance Values and Morality in Schools and Youth Settings</i>. Needham Heights, MA: Simon &amp; Schuster, 1995.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>LeGette, Helen R. <i>Parents, Kids and Character: 21 Strategies to Help Your Children Develop Good Character</i>. Chapel Hill, NC: Character Development Group, 1999.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Lickona, Thomas. <i>Educating for Character: How Our Schools Can Teach Respect and Responsabilidad</i>. New York: Bantam Books, 1991.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Lickona, Thomas. <i>Raising Good Children from Birth through the Teenage Years</i>. Toronto: Bantam, 1985.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Schulman, Michael and Mekler, Eva. <i>Bringing Up a Moral Child: Teaching Your Child to Be Kind, Just, and Responsible</i>. New York: Addison-Wesley, 1985.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p>Unell, Barbara C. and Wyckoff, Jerry L. <i>20 Teachable Virtues: Practical Ways to Pass on Lessons of Virtue and Character to Your Children</i>. New York: Perigee Books, 1995.</p>
<p><br/></p>
</body>
</html>